some 16 a mikta of david preserve me O
some 16 a mikta of david preserve me O God for in you I put my trust oh my soul
God for in you I put my trust oh my soul
God for in you I put my trust oh my soul you have said to the Lord you are my
you have said to the Lord you are my
you have said to the Lord you are my lord my goodness is nothing apart from
lord my goodness is nothing apart from
lord my goodness is nothing apart from you as for the Saints who are on the
you as for the Saints who are on the
you as for the Saints who are on the earth they are the excellent ones in
earth they are the excellent ones in
earth they are the excellent ones in whom is all my delight their sorrows
whom is all my delight their sorrows
whom is all my delight their sorrows shall be multiplied who hasten after
shall be multiplied who hasten after
shall be multiplied who hasten after another God their drink offerings of
another God their drink offerings of
another God their drink offerings of blood I will not offer or take up their
blood I will not offer or take up their
blood I will not offer or take up their names on my lips o Lord you are the
names on my lips o Lord you are the
names on my lips o Lord you are the portion of my inheritance and my cup you
portion of my inheritance and my cup you
portion of my inheritance and my cup you maintain my lot the lines have fallen to
maintain my lot the lines have fallen to
maintain my lot the lines have fallen to me in Pleasant places yes I have a good
me in Pleasant places yes I have a good
me in Pleasant places yes I have a good inheritance I will bless the Lord who
inheritance I will bless the Lord who
inheritance I will bless the Lord who has given me counsel my heart also
has given me counsel my heart also
has given me counsel my heart also instructs me in the night seasons I have
instructs me in the night seasons I have
instructs me in the night seasons I have set the Lord always before me
set the Lord always before me
set the Lord always before me because he is at my right hand I shall
because he is at my right hand I shall
because he is at my right hand I shall not be moved
not be moved
not be moved therefore my heart is glad and my glory
therefore my heart is glad and my glory
therefore my heart is glad and my glory rejoices my flesh also will rest in hope
rejoices my flesh also will rest in hope
rejoices my flesh also will rest in hope for you will not leave my soul in Sheol
for you will not leave my soul in Sheol
for you will not leave my soul in Sheol nor will you allow your Holy One to see
nor will you allow your Holy One to see
nor will you allow your Holy One to see corruption you will show me a path of
corruption you will show me a path of
corruption you will show me a path of life in your presence is fullness of joy
life in your presence is fullness of joy
life in your presence is fullness of joy at your right hand are pleasures
at your right hand are pleasures
at your right hand are pleasures forevermore